docs: release notes 4.4.b (#3547)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/troubleshooting/nodes.md

   :::

9. Repeat the previous step for all nodes in the cluster.

### OS Patch Fails on AWS with Microk8s 1.27

> If OS patching failure happens on an AWS cluster with Microk8s 1.27, use the following debug steps to resolve the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If OS patching fails on an AWS cluster with Microk8s 1.27, use the following debug steps to resolve the issue.
```

#### Debug Steps

1. Log in to [Palette](https://console.spectrocloud.com/).

> 2. From left **Main Menu**, select **Clusters**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Navigate to the left **Main Menu** and select **Clusters**.
```

3. Select the cluster that is experiencing the issue and click on its row to access the cluster details page.

4. From the cluster details page, select the **Nodes** tab.

5. Click on a cluster node to access its details page. Review the network information, such as the subnet and the
   network the node is in.

6. Log in to the infrastructure provider console and acquire the node IP address.

7. SSH into one of the cluster nodes

8. Find out the partition name to which `boot/efi` is mounted with the following command.

   ```
   mount | grep /boot/efi
   ```

>    The command will produce output similar to the following.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The command produces output similar to the following.
```
